Add the TQL2 FAQ docs (#4464)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/tql2-migration.md

# TQL2 Migration

This page answers the most frequently asked questions about TQL2.

### What is TQL2?

TQL2 is the next generation of the Tenzir Query Language for writing pipelines.

### How do I use TQL2?

Start your pipeline with a `// tql2` comment to opt into using the new language.
This is supported for Tenzir v4.19 or newer.

### Why create an all-new language?

TQL1 has grown historically. Over time, we identified the following shortcomings
that TQL2 fixes:

> - Lack of proper expressions, including functions, nested pipelines, and
>   arithmetic, and composability in expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lack of composable expressions, in particular functions and arithmetic 
  operations.
- Absence of nested pipelines, which was partially worked around with 
  operator modifiers.
```

- Context-dependent grammar for operators that was unintuitive for users, and
  close to impossible to parse and syntax-highlight.

> - Inability to define constants with `let` and soon types, functions, and custom
>   operators within the pipeline definition directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inability to define constants with `let`, and also soon types, functions, and 
  custom operators within the pipeline definition directly.
```

Reads better IMHO.
